fear fear is everywhere
behind you
provoked by the perversion of the
technology where the fruit of your
imagination
my fear of the unknown on the terraces
who has never been confronted with the
cheating on the banana peel or at the
malignancy interlope and and generate the
demonic electric toothbrush no
can not take us go on it suffers tanks
batwa against the dragon
surely you are afraid to find your
courage
you know that even if you manage to
defeat the monster you will still need
face the malicious sock
the impulsive stuffed
the peas of hell
the fear
you can curl up use it for nothing
because car fear my love fear
is in you
[Music]
it's time you did not understand
it
[Music]
you will continue to flee I still have the
mouse shy time rats are not afraid
of course the best form of defense
it's attacked but never forget
all to overcome his fear it takes
become this to anything I prefer
still break me no but wait it's
true it's like in batman what batman
baïdy to defeat you are afraid you have to
become tapper away and I do how
me with popcorn
I disguise myself in popcorn excuse me
but the morons your method
[Music]
he